Homebrew Intel Bottle Pool 0.3.5 — Quick Start

Requirements
  Intel x86_64 Mac, macOS 12+, Homebrew, and Python 3.9+.
  Apple Command Line Tools are required for source builds.

Install
  1. Use final v0.3.5 release assets. Download every file listed in
     SHA256SUMS.txt to run the complete checksum check.
  2. Open the DMG and drag Homebrew Pool.app to Applications.
  3. Launch it from Applications. Setup opens on a new Mac.

Configure
  Server URL: https://pool.example.internal
  Token File: /run/secrets/pool.token
  CA: optional private CA certificate

  Choose Test Connection, then Save & Finish. A pasted token is copied to a
  private 0600 file. Never commit a real URL, token, certificate, or config.

Use
  Update & Upgrade  Run the coordinated Homebrew workflow.
  Install…          Choose Auto, Formula, or Cask.
  Sync now          Retry queued offline publications.
  Repair Dependency Preserve a paused queue; update a dependency and validate it.
  Repair Pool State Reconcile stale UI or explicitly discard pending work.
  Maintenance       Run an explicit diagnostic/repair command and see live output.
  Settings…         Change URL/token/CA settings.
  Start at Login    Optional and controlled by the current user.

States
  Healthy           Connected; no queued work.
  Busy              Building, installing, updating, or syncing.
  Action Required   A safe choice needs user review.
  Paused — Error    A technical error stopped the queue.
  Paused/Stopped    Remaining work is saved for later.

At an error, Review Errors shows the cause. Retry Failed retries only failures;
Resume continues remaining work. Resolve/Skip explicitly acknowledges a failure,
and Cancel Saved Queue abandons the remaining queue. Stop preserves resumable state.

Upgrade an existing client
  Quit the app before replacing it with the final 0.3.5 build. Keep your existing
  config, token, spool, and job.json. No schema-1 server migration is required.
  Installation does not automatically run a paused job. Retry Failed handles
  failed steps; Resume handles the saved remainder.

New in 0.3.5
  Plan from declared platform dependencies, not the old keg's runtime graph.
  Identify dependencies from installed recipe hashes. Pin local recipes during
  source builds and avoid repeated tap fetches during that build.
  Recover a changed context at most once per package per execution. Reuse proven
  unchanged builds; safely rebuild when inputs change. Missing provenance or
  repeated drift stops publication. Legacy kegs without proof may need a rebuild.

Recovery example
  If coreutils reports "Runtime dependency not current: openssl@3", choose
  Repair / Install Dependency…, enter openssl@3, wait for exit code 0, then use
  Retry Failed and Resume. The original queue is not replaced.

Maintenance Console
  Available in Healthy, Paused, Stopped, Action Required, Error, and Offline.
  Shortcuts: brew doctor, brew outdated, brew missing, brew linkage --test.
  Commands run only after Run is pressed. Modifying commands use the exclusive
  Homebrew lock; destructive commands require confirmation. `sudo` uses the
  native macOS authorization dialog. No password is collected by the app.

Private server
  Run the service on an always-on NAS, TrueNAS system, Linux/home server, or
  equivalent host with persistent storage:

  python3 -m pool.server \
    --root /srv/homebrew-pool \
    --bind 127.0.0.1 --port 8765 \
    --token-file /run/secrets/pool.token

  Put a private HTTPS reverse proxy or VPN in front of loopback, or bind only to
  an appropriate protected-LAN interface with TLS configured. Never expose plain
  HTTP plus the token directly to the Internet.

Verify
  With every listed release asset present: shasum -a 256 -c SHA256SUMS.txt
  For a DMG-only download, calculate its SHA-256 and compare the full value with
  its entry in SHA256SUMS.txt.

Read README.md for architecture/security and VALIDATION.md for tested behavior
and limitations. INSTALLATION.md contains the complete server and per-Mac setup.

Created by StefanAlMare and developed together with ChatGPT by OpenAI.
This project is independent and is not affiliated with Homebrew.

0.3.5 publication recovery:
  Target recipe hashes separate changed sources at the same version rank.
  Local duplicate builds reuse only a verified winner with identical inputs.
  Legacy Homebrew uploads are preserved in state_dir/spool/quarantine for review.
  Official checksum mismatches still stop publication.
